New CMS documentation - More improvements & fixes (#2369)
strapi/documentation: docusaurus/docs/user-docs/features/rbac.md

  }}
/>

## Configuration

> **Path to configure the feature:** ![Settings icon](/img/assets/icons/v5/Cog.svg) *Settings > Administration panel > Roles*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Path to configure the feature:** <Icon name="gear-six" /> *Settings > Administration panel > Roles*
```

Administrator roles can be deleted from the *Administration panel > Roles* interface. However, they can only be deleted once they are no more attributed to any administrator of the Strapi application.

1. Make sure the role you wish to delete is not attributed to any administrator anymore.

> 2. Click on the delete button ![Delete icon](/img/assets/icons/v5/Trash.svg) on the right side of the role's record.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click on the delete button <Icon name="trash" /> on the right side of the role's record.
```

#### Setting custom conditions for permissions

> For each permission of each category, a ![Settings icon](/img/assets/icons/v5/Cog.svg) **Settings** button is displayed. It allows to push the permission configuration further by defining additional conditions for the administrators to be granted the permission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each permission of each category, a <Icon name="gear-six" /> **Settings** button is displayed. It allows to push the permission configuration further by defining additional conditions for the administrators to be granted the permission.
```

Custom conditions can only be set for permissions that have been ticked to be granted for the role. If not, when clicking the ![Settings icon](/img/assets/icons/v5/Cog.svg) **Settings** button, the window that opens will remain empty, as no custom condition option will be available.
:::

Other custom conditions can be available if they have been created beforehand for your Strapi application. The following dedicated guide helps you create additional custom conditions:

<CustomDocCardsWrapper>
<CustomDocCard icon="" title="Creating custom RBAC conditions" description="Learn how to create custom RBAC conditions from scratch by customizing the code of your Strapi application." link="/dev-docs/configurations/guides/rbac" />
</CustomDocCardsWrapper>

## Usage

> **Path to use the feature:** ![Settings icon](/img/assets/icons/v5/Cog.svg) *Settings > Administration panel > Users*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Path to use the feature:** <Icon name="gear-six" /> *Settings > Administration panel > Users*
```
